---
layout: post
title: BuzzFeed Tasty

---

# **BuzzFeed Tasty** #
*Creating a home for Tasty on BuzzFeed.com*

<br />
In the Spring of 2016, we set out to create a home for Tasty, [those bite-sized aerial food videos](http://facebook.com/buzzfeedtasty/), on the BuzzFeed website. 

<br />
Tasty had become one of the driving forces behind BuzzFeed Motion Pictures, with the majority of it’s content living and thriving on Facebook, Youtube, and Instagram. Seeing Tasty’s success on these distributed properties drove us to set out and create a great end-to-end experience for Tasty on BuzzFeed.com

<br />
<br />

## **Defining The Problem**
<br />
Though Tasty videos were successful, none of that success really existed on the BuzzFeed site (aside from being retroactively published via the CMS, after it had been posted to Facebook). Prior to this project, the majority of engagement with Tasty content was via Facebook and Instagram.

<br />
Boiled down, the main problem was that our users weren’t easily able to browse and discover Tasty videos on the BuzzFeed site. 

What *did* exist before we started was a legacy user page retrofitted to display Tasty content.

### The original Tasty page, using our user-page template
({{ site.url }}/css/images/tasty-legacy.png)


<br />
We knew that BuzzFeed-created content that performed well on Facebook performed (relatively) well on BuzzFeed. Due to this, and Tasty's sucess on our distributed platforms, we made the hypothesis that Tasty videos and content would perform well on our site.

